---
title: 1989 BMW 635CSI
sold: false
thumbnail: /static/img/img_8251.jpg
galleryImages:
  - /static/img/img_8252.jpg
  - /static/img/img_8253.jpg
  - /static/img/img_8256.jpg
  - /static/img/img_8257.jpg
specs:
  - price: £25,750
    colour: Nogaro Silver Metallic
    year: "1989"
    mileage: 79,000 miles
    engine: 3430cc 6 cylinder Petrol
    reg: A635 ONE
---
First Automotive proudly presents this 1989 BMW (E24) 635CSI, a true embodiment of classic
elegance. With low mileage of just 79,000 miles, this remarkable vehicle has been cherished
throughout its existence. Step into the driver's seat and feel the essence of automotive
excellence. This 635CSI comes with a full-service history, a testament to the meticulous care it
has received over the years. Recently, it underwent a flawless MOT, further attesting to its
outstanding condition and roadworthiness.


Under the bonnet lies a powerful 3.5-liter inline-six engine, renowned for its smooth power
delivery and acceleration. Paired with a responsive automatic gearbox, the 635CSI offers a refined
and dynamic driving experience.


Immerse yourself in the luxurious cabin, surrounded by fine materials and exquisite
craftsmanship.


This 635CSI stands as a timeless icon, exuding a sense of style and elegance that never fades.
With its low mileage, impeccable service history, recent MOT, and remarkable tech specs, it
presents an outstanding opportunity for discerning collectors and enthusiasts.


Priced at £25,750, this remarkable vehicle is ready to grace the roads once again. Don't miss your
chance to own a piece of automotive history. Contact First Automotive today to secure this
timeless example with only 79,000 miles and experience the unparalleled joy of driving a true
classic.


Technical Specifications:

* Year: 1989
* Make: BMW
* Model: (E24) 635CSI
* Engine: 3.5-liter inline-six
* Transmission: Automatic
* Mileage: 79,000 miles