---
title: 2003 BMW E46 320Ci
thumbnail: /static/img/img_8050.jpg
galleryImages:
  - /static/img/img_8051.jpg
  - /static/img/img_8052.jpg
  - /static/img/img_8058.jpg
  - /static/img/img_8063.jpg
specs:
  - price: £5,750.00
    colour: Individual Blue
    year: "2003"
    mileage: 91,000 miles
    engine: 2200cc Inline 6 Petrol
    reg: HV03 BBF
---
First Automotive proudly presents a truly exceptional offering: 2003 BMW E46 320Ci Individual
Sport (Manual) This exceptional vehicle offers a unique opportunity for both driving enthusiasts
and investors alike. With its stunning Individual Blue exterior, this E46 320Ci commands attention
on the road. The impeccable condition of its paint, body, and wheels showcases the meticulous
care it has received.


Inside, the interior is a testament to luxury and comfort, meticulously maintained to perfection
allowing anyone to appreciate the craftsmanship BMW is renowned for. Equipped with a manual
gearbox, this Sport model E46 320Ci delivers an engaging and exhilarating driving experience. Its
spirited engine ensures seamless acceleration and responsive handling.


This particular 320Ci has covered 91,000 miles boasting full service history, 3 owners from new 2
of which being father and son! This car has been taken care of with pride. Its rarity, combined with
its exceptional condition, presents an outstanding investment opportunity.


Don't miss out on the chance to own this remarkable 320Ci Individual. Contact First Automotive
today to secure this exquisite vehicle, promising both driving enjoyment and the potential for a
lucrative investment.


Technical Specifications: